Upgrade warnings (#4215)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/migration-guide-to-v3.md

| ------------------ | ---------------------- |
| `button.is-active` | `button.is-processing` |

<div class="p-notification--caution">
  <div class="p-notification__content">

>     <p class="p-notification__message">We are using <code>is-active</code> class name in various components to denote the active state, so make sure you rename it <b>only</b> in context of buttons.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p class="p-notification__message">We use the <code>is-active</code> class name in various components to denote the active state, so make sure you rename it <b>only</b> in the context of buttons.</p>
```

## Inline images

We removed the inline images (`p-inline-images`) component. Please use the [logo section component](/docs/patterns/logo-section) instead.

<div class="p-notification--caution">
  <div class="p-notification__content">

>     <p class="p-notification__message">Logo section component requires images to have identical dimensions, so you will not only need to update the HTML markup of the component, but also change the URLs of logo images to new ones.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p class="p-notification__message">The logo section component requires images to have identical dimensions, so you will not only need to update the HTML markup of the component, but also change the URLs of logo images to new ones.</p>
```
